Lord, give me a chance
Lord, please forgive me
You can ask me to do anything
Lord Lin Yi
How do you want to deal with this person?
I don't think so.
It is good to deal with it according to the law
Take the two of them back to the yamen for me
This officer will judge in person
Please forgive me.
Adults don't dare anymore
Thank you for your help today
It doesn't matter, I may still advocate you in the future
Ha ha.
You are now in the eyes of prosperity
I have to say goodbye in advance
Adults walk slowly
Lady is so nice
Let me tell you something.
With the support of the emperor?
Our family will definitely develop in the future
Really? Of course.
With the emperor's gold medal
And a gold sign
I believe it.
The restaurant you open will definitely be full of people
Yo shopkeeper
Why are you looking so happy? Let me tell you.
What about the governor of Yizhou?
Dedicated my crayfish to the emperor
And guess what?
that
Avoid death gold plate
How is that possible?
Did you make a fake piece?
This is for antivirus.
This thing
But the self-eating alchemists brought it back in person
So sweet.
That's so amazing.
I have lived for decades
This is the first time I've seen this death-free gold medal
There is also a golden sign
On the way
What about this time?
I came back with 1,800 taels of silver
This vast sea of Kowloon
Inadequate
How about you, just prepare for the celebration banquet